what's going on dudes my name is that
dude chaos and welcome to my single
player world here I discovered a glitch
a little bit earlier tonight and i
thought i would share with you guys i
thought it was really cool it has to do
with the lead so if you don't know what
a lead is it's coming out in the 1.6
update with the horses and all that
other good stuff so as just made with
the sticky ball or a slime ball and some
string and it gives you a lead so you
can use these leads to tie up your mobs
your chickens your cows whatever you
want to tie up I guess mainly used for
horses but anyways I found a really
interesting visual glitch with these
things so let's take this guy right here
come here um take you this way sir I'm
going to tell you up over here alright
so we got this guy right here that looks
awesome why is this not a thing why came
out why can we take the lead and just
tie it onto a post like that and get
this right there that would be awesome
but I found out kill the chicken it
stays there kill any mob I guess really
and it stays there and it looks really
awesome like think of all the cool
things that we could do with this at
least decorate like decorative wise so
let's take this guy will bring him over
here will tie him up it looks awesome
why can't we keep this man why is this
not a thing um let's take this guy
you're behind the post come on its way
this way all right the one problem with
this is we can tie this guy up here
right but if we try to let's kill this
guy for an example kill this guy I like
them with the torches on top you try to
place the torch on top and gets rid of
the string if you place the torch there
give this and then you tie him up and
kill him
it stays there and that looks awesome
why is this not a thing why can we not
take a leave tie it up and then have
there even the Rope go to and from like
that that would be so cool I mean think
of all the cool things that you can do
this is just a small example you got a
boat dock that looks like a boat dock
dinner bone I want this and I hope I'm
not the only one all right so the only
downside of this whole thing as soon as
you log out and log back in these ropes
are gone they don't stick around and
that really sucks because this could be
a very very awesome decorative tool just
for some smaller detail that you can put
into your world like I said you know
this is my single player world and I
focus on putting a lot of small detail
into things and this would be awesome to
have I don't understand why this is a
thing isn't a thing but I mean
especially for something like a boat
dock that looks really cool but even for
some of the smaller details like
something like this where you just have
it on top of a lamp you know it looks
awesome and I really wish I hope
something like this comes out whether
it's the leads or just to stand alone
thing but anyways that's pretty much
gonna do it so I hope you guys enjoyed
if you would hit that like button for me
down below let me know that you enjoyed
this video and if i come across any more
decorative glitches i will definitely
let you guys know but uh anyways talk to
you next time right peace